Thank you
Technician was friendly and able to resolve my issue quickly.  Very short wait on hold before reaching a technician.  Excellent experience.
My issue was resolved quickly and accurately.  He stayed on the line to make sure the new password worked
Was great experience much appreciated.
Thank you.
Excellent service
The technician Eduardo was very friendly, patient and educational for the next experiences.
Excellent atttention from the technician and great support.
Foi extremamente simpático no atendimento!
Perfect!!
very good
Thank you for all your help. Canataro, Emanuel Federico
@accenture.com  did great and followed up with emails and IM messages
Emmanuel was great!
They gave me the information I needed to quickly solve the issue.
Problema risolto velocemente. Tecnico molto efficiente.
EXCELLENT SERVICE
Helen, assisted unlocking my SAP password and stayed connected to make sure I was able to login.  Thanks, Helen!
Excelente atendimento e comprometimento em solucionar o problema.
Calmo, paciente e com grande conhecimento técnico
Ernesto was extremely quick and new what my issue was immediately.  This is the fastest I have ever had this issue resolved.
Excellent service, solved my problem very quickly.
excelente atencion del tecnico...muy simple la resolucion..
THANKS
To the point, told me exactly what I needed to do to resolve the issue--walk me through the steps and made sure my issue was resolved.
nice guy.. thanks a lot.
They were friendly, patient, and knowledgeable.
Thank you for the help. Francisco was a great help. He resolve my problem very quick.
The technician was prompt and professional. I will add pleasant in their communication/response. The agent was willing to answer questions in addition.
quick and very pleasant
Thanks for great support.
I am really saticified with Fernandez, Gaston A. gaston.a.fernandez@accenture.com's help. 
He is the best support ever!
Very professional and knowledgeable. I hope i have him again if I ever have any more tech issues
Very polite and helpful!
Gastón A. Fernández was very patient and thoughtful with my small issue. I was back online in less than 5 minutes.
La actitud del experto fue genial .  Quede super satisfecho
resolved issues quickly without me having to explain and provided me info to help if it happens again in the future.  awesome job!!!
Service was courteous and prompt
Helpful, friendly, and quick at resolving issue
Issue resolved very good with patience by representative.
Im happy with Resolution.
Thank you for your help this morning.
pleasant and professional, very clear and understandable - while present "many" numbers.
very helpful and friendly.  Easy to understand and resolved quickly.
Much faster and easier than I was expecting! Thank you.
Quick & professional with easy to follow instructions that resolved my issue.
She did a wonderful job and I appreciated her quick response and knowledge to solve my issue.  Thank you
I appreciate the kindness and great support. Thanks for all.
Thank you Gisela!
Gisela did a great job of helping me efficiently, accurately and kindly. I hope I get her the next time I have to ask for help. She's a keeper!
very friendly and fixed my issue very quickly.
Very professuonal and nice assistance I appreciate it.
Gisela Zajic did an awesome job getting me back online.  
Thank you.
Awesome experience!  Definitely 5 star service.
thank you Hep desk for quick response
This representative exceeded all my expectation in terms patient and energy. I mean this was taking so long and the amount of time and lever of explanation it took that I was getting frustrated that she is not getting frustrated, yet she continued with the same enthusiasm and level of efforts. I understand it is not always possible, but such experiences really should be set as an example and even if time / resources are not feasible all the time, such efforts should be attempted as they clearly produce the best outcomes.  Thank you so much.
Thank you!
Issue was resolved timely. Support was good
The technician today was very helpful , my issue was so quickly resolved unlike in the past
Friendly and patient.
Good work
Excellent!
She was awesome and was very patient with the technology issues I was having.
Hellen is very polite.
Helen was excellent and very easy to understand! She deserves a raise!
Helen is very helpful
excellent work
Thank you to the agent that was helping me
Friendly and patient
All the process was succesful
Very professional and helpful
Great quick experience to unlock my account!  Thank you
I could understand him well and he was helpful in answering my questions.
Very quick! Thanks for your support!
Wonderful to talk to a real person!!!!!
Great Service
Thanks for resolving my issue so professionally and quickly.  Appreciated!
excellent support Fast and efficient 
thank you
Thanks for the support, great job.
The technician was kind, professional and very helpful!
Helpdesk team is very customer friendly and resolved my issue.
Thanks.
Was goo
Person was nice to talk to and fixed my problem Very Professional
Friendly and Helpful
I like that we can do this online now, technician was very helpful and professional thank you
Martins solved my issue quick and easily.
excelente atendimento, muito educado e prestativo! parabéns
perfect!!!
Parabens... O problema foi solucionado rapidamente.
Well understanding issue and very helpful.
Great job Natalia. Thank you!
The technician was very patient and calm. 100% on par.
Hello Natalia, Thanks for your hassle free assistance. You've been very helpful, patient and polite.
Thank you
Thanks Sofia for wonderful assistance
This is instant help and quick resolved the issue o
Good.
I really appreciate the assistance i always get from IT team. Keep up doing your excellent job.
Thank you for your quick solution
My issue was resolved swiftly. The service was excellent
The technician was excellent, very professional and kind.  Thank you
My computer was blocked during the week end ( due to my cat who sat on the keyboard .. !)  I could get a precious help from Help Desk service (In Argentina Tomas) - thank you so much wonderful service !
Muito bem atendido... continuem assim.
Thank u very much!
Excellent service and very professional.  Thank you.